New clash scenario: Dragon Valley (#167)
qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book: draft-scenarios/clash/dragon_valley.tex

\textbf{Player Count:} 2-4

\textbf{Starting Resources:} 15 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, 2 \svg{valuables}.

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 0 \svg{building_materials}, 0 \svg{valuables}.

\textbf{Starting Units:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item A Few \svgunit{bronze} units of the player's choice.
  \item A Pack of \svgunit{bronze} units of the player's choice.
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Town Buildings:} 
\begin{itemize}
  \item \svgunit{bronze} Dwelling
  \item Each player may build the \textit{Mage Guild} or a \textit{Faction-specific} building with a discount of 10 \svg{gold} (trading post conversion chart may be used for the discount).
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Map Setup}}
Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout:

\textbf{For each player, take:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item \textbf{1} × Starting (I) Map tile,
  \item \textbf{3} × Far (II-III) Map tiles - one of which includes a settlement and one trading post + one random,
  \item \textbf{2} × Near (IV-V) Map tile,
  \item \textbf{1} × Center (VI-VI) Map tiles containing Settlements and Grails (Only for 4 players).
\end{itemize}
\textbf{AND}

\begin{itemize}

>   \textbf{1} × Starting (I) Map tile - with \textit{Dragon Utopia} for 2-3 players \textbf{OR}
>   \textbf{2} × Starting (I) Map tile - with \textit{Dragon Utopia} for 4 players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item \textbf{1} × Starting (I) Map tile - with \textit{Dragon Utopia} for 2-3 players \textbf{OR}
  \item \textbf{2} × Starting (I) Map tile - with \textit{Dragon Utopia} for 4 players.
```

\end{itemize}

When a Dragon Utopia is conquered, roll an attack die:
\begin{itemize}
  \item -1: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All players lose 1 MP for the next round.
  \item  0: Dragons revenge: All players must sacrifice one unit before the end of round, that unit's health is reduced to 0. 
  \item +1: Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately lose 1 MP to Search (2) the artifact deck.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Suggested houserules}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Trading Posts - Trade resources and remove cards, OR buy war machines.
  \item Unlimited combat rounds against neutrals + harder level. +gain combat lvl × \svg{gold}.
  \item \href{https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/3445901/custom-hex-combat-board}{Medium Hex combat board}.
  \item \href{https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/3449937/houserule-for-stacking-more-than-pack}{Medium Hex combat board} - Start with several Few \svgunit{bronze} units.
\end{itemize}

\vspace*{\fill}

> 
> \begin{center}
>   \transparent{0.3}{\includegraphics[width=0.5\linewidth, keepaspectratio]{\art/slayer.png}}
> \end{center}
> 
> \vspace*{\fill}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This will eliminate the redundant page.

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US
\addscenariosection{1}{Clash Scenario}{Dragon Valley}{\images/slayer.png}

\begin{multicols*}{2}

\textbf{Author:} LAAMAKALA

\textbf{Source:} \href{https://discord.com/channels/740870068178649108/1239631918643941509}{Archon Studios Discord}

\textit{The valley calls to those who seek adventure and riches beyond imagination. Its heart is guarded by Dragons older than time, its edges lined with settlements of those who dare to claim a foothold in this perilous land. But there is no safety here—only the promise of power for those who fight, and the certainty of death for those who falter.}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Scenario Length}}
This Scenario is played over 13 Rounds (or a shorter version over 8 Rounds).

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Player Setup}}

> \textbf{Player Count:} 2-4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{Player Count:} 2 -- 4
```

> \textbf{Starting Resources:} 15 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, 2 \svg{valuables}.
> 
> \textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 0 \svg{building_materials}, 0 \svg{valuables}.
> 
> \textbf{Starting Units:}
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item A Few \svgunit{bronze} Units of the player's choice.
>   \item A Pack of \svgunit{bronze} Units of the player's choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{Starting Resources:} 15 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, 2 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 0 \svg{building_materials}, 0 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Units:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item A Few \svgunit{bronze} Units of the player's choice
  \item A Pack of \svgunit{bronze} Units of the player's choice
```
For consistency

\end{itemize}

\textbf{Town Buildings:} 
\begin{itemize}

>   \item \svg{bronze} Dwelling
>   \item Each player may build the \textit{Mage Guild} or a \textit{Faction-specific} building with a discount of 10 \svg{gold} (trading post conversion chart may be used for the discount).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item \svgunit{bronze} Dwelling
  \item Each player may build the \textit{Mage Guild} or a \textit{Faction-specific} building with a discount of 10 \svg{gold} (trading post conversion chart may be used for the discount)
```

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Map Setup}}

> Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout:
> 
> \textbf{For each player, take:}
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item \textbf{1} × Starting (I) Map Tile,
>   \item \textbf{3} × Far (II-III) Map Tiles - one of which includes a settlement and one trading post + one random,
>   \item \textbf{2} × Near (IV-V) Map Tile,
>   \item \textbf{1} × Center (VI-VI) Map Tiles containing Settlements and Grails (Only for 4 players).
> \end{itemize}
> \textbf{AND}
> 
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item \textbf{1} × Starting (I) Map Tile - with \textit{Dragon Utopia} for 2-3 players \textbf{OR}
>   \item \textbf{2} × Starting (I) Map Tile - with \textit{Dragon Utopia} for 4 players.
> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout ($P$ stands for the number of players):

\begin{itemize}
  \item P × Starting (I) Map Tile
  \item 3P × Far (II--III) Map Tiles - one per player must include a Settlement, and one per player must include a Trading Post
  \item 2P × Near (IV--V) Map Tile
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Additionally, for 2--3 players:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item 1 × Center (VI--VII) Map Tile with a Dragon Utopia
\end{itemize}

\textbf{For 4 players:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item 2 × Center (VI--VII) Map Tiles with a Dragon Utopia
  \item P × Center (VI--VII) Map Tiles containing Settlements and Grails
\end{itemize}
```

Let's stick with the existing convention. Also, there aren't enough tiles in the game to satisfy the last requirement. Only one center tile has a settlement (#C1), and there are two grail tiles: C2 and C4.

> \subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}
> \textit{The game ends at the end of the Round where the first victory condition is met:}
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item One player has defeated all other players’ main Heroes once - \textit{That player wins the game.}
>   \item One player conquers both of the Dragon Utopias - \textit{That player wins the game.}
>   \item One player controls 5 mines or settlements on Near and Center Tiles - \textit{That player gets 4VP.}
>   \item At the end of Round 13, \textit{or at the end of Round 8 for the short game.}
> \end{itemize}
> 
> \subsection*{\MakeUppercase{The player with the most Victory Points wins the game:}}
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item 5 VP for conquering a Dragon Utopia
>   \item 4 VP for defeating the Enemy’s Main Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction.}
>   \item 2 VP for defeating the Enemy’s Secondary Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction.}
>   \item 2 VP for each enemy Main Town captured - \textit{once per captured Faction.}
>   \item 1 VP for every controlled Mine or Settlement.
>   \item 1 VP for every Level of Experience of the Main Hero.
> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}
The game ends at the end of the Round when any of these conditions are met:

\begin{itemize}
 \item One player has defeated all other players' Main Heroes once - \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item One player conquers both Dragon Utopias - \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item At the end of Round 13 (or Round 8 for the shorter game).
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Points}}
If no player has achieved an immediate victory, the player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins:

\begin{itemize}
 \item 5 VP for conquering a Dragon Utopia
 \item 4 VP for controlling 5 Mines or Settlements on Near and Center Tiles - \textit{once per game}
 \item 4 VP for defeating an enemy's Main Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for defeating an enemy's Secondary Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for each enemy Main Town captured - \textit{once per captured Faction}
 \item 1 VP for every controlled Mine or Settlement
 \item 1 VP for every Level of Experience of your Main Hero
\end{itemize}
```

I guess that point about 4 VPs should be moved to the lower list?

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\begin{itemize}

>   \item Start of \textbf{\nth{1} and \nth{9} Rounds:} All Heroes gain +1 Movement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{1} and \nth{9} Rounds:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}
```

>   \item Start of \textbf{\nth{4} and \nth{8} Rounds:} Remove black Cubes from all locations that give resources, morale or Cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{4} and \nth{8} Rounds:} Remove Black Cubes from all locations that give Resources, Morale or Cards
```

  \item End of \textbf{\nth{10} Round:} Player(s) with lowest XP roll 2 Resource dice.

> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: Please list all the events in order, as in the current form they're too easy to overlook. It should look something like this:
1st round - do this
4th round - do something else
8th round - repeat events of round 4
9th round - repeate events of round 1
etc.

Plase see how it's done in [Sentinels](https://github.com/qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book/blob/main/coops/sentinels.tex).

Author: I'll edit this later tonight (y)

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
\begin{itemize}

>   \item Remove “Earthquake”, “Remove Obstacles”, “View Earth” and “Visions" from the spell Deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Remove ``Earthquake'', ``Remove Obstacles'', ``View Earth'', and ``Visions'' from the Spell Deck.
```
It looks weird, but those are proper quotation marks in English typography.

>   \item Remove “Unexpected Reinforcements” from the Astrologers Proclaim Deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Remove ``Unexpected Reinforcements'' from the Astrologers Proclaim Deck.
```

>   \item Make one Deck of minor, one of major and one of relic artifacts.
>   \item Make one Deck of basic spells and one of expert spells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Create separate decks for Minor, Major, and Relic Artifacts.
  \item Create separate decks for Basic and Expert Spells.
```

>   \item On Starting and Far Tiles players can only get basic spells and minor artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item On Starting and Far Map Tiles, players can only acquire basic Spells and Minor Artifacts.
```

>   \item Players may not use Diplomacy to skip lvl VII Combat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Players may not use Diplomacy to skip Level VII Combat.
```

>   \item If your Hero is lvl VII, treat lvl VI neutrals as lvl VII and gain 10 \svg{gold}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item If your Hero is Level VII, treat Level VI neutrals as Level VII, and gain 10 \svg{gold} for winning Combat.
```
10 gold for what exactly? Winning the combat in addition to the filed rewards?

>   \item Sanctuary effect: +1 Morale and draw 1 Card. Visitable once per Faction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Sanctuary effect: +1 \svg{morale_positive} and draw 1 Card. May be visited once per Faction.
```

>   \item Obelisk effect: Roll one Resource die and draw one Card. \textit{May be visited once per Faction.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Obelisk effect: textbf{once per Faction} roll one \svg{resource} and draw one Card.
```

>   \item When fighting a neutral Combat, a player may add +1 difficulty for an extra 5 \svg{gold} + Search (2) the Artifact or the Spell Deck

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item When fighting a Neutral Combat, a player may add +1 difficulty for an extra 5 \svg{gold} + Search (2) the Artifact or the Spell Deck.
```

>   \item Level VII settlements are treated as two settlements for rewards AND roll one Resource or Treasure (reroll any XP) die.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Settlement on Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles provide double the normal rewards AND allow rolling one \svg{resource} or \svg{treasure} (reroll any XP).
```
I'm not sure if I get the idea. What exactly does double mean? Do they give double the income, if you make them a mine? Also, double the mine reward if you flag them for the first time? What about reinforcing? Do you reinforce for free instead of half the cost? What about flagging for the first time, when you're allowed to reinforce for free? Do you reinforce two units?

>   \item Level VII settlements are treated as two settlements for rewards AND roll one Resource or Treasure (reroll any XP) die.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Settlements on Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles are treated as two Settlements in terms of rewards AND allow rolling one \svg{resource} or \svg{treasure} (reroll any XP).
```
By two, you mean treat them as two separate settlements? You can turn it into two separate mines? Or one mine and reinforcing one unit for free? Also, there's only one such settlement in the game (Tower on tile #C1).

>   \item If a player defeats neutral Units on a Grail hex, he immediately gets: 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials} and 2 \svg{valuables}. (alternative: Throw 2 treasure (reroll any XP ) and 2 Resource dice)  \textit{Can be conquered only once.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Upon winning Combat on a Grail Field, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Receive: 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, and 2 \svg{valuables}
    \item Roll 2 \svg{treasure} (reroll any XP) and 2 \svg{resource}
  \end{itemize}
```
You can nest list. Also, I take it you can reroll XP as many times as you want?

>   \item Dragon Utopia: Reshuffle the \svg{gold} and \svg{azure} Decks, then draw \svg{azure} until you get 3 Dragons and choose 2 AND draw from \svg{gold} until you get one Dragon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item When visiting a Dragon Utopia: Reshuffle the \svgunit{gold} and \svgunit{azure} Decks, then draw from \svgunit{azure} until you get 3 Dragons and choose 2, AND draw from \svgunit{gold} until you get one Dragon.
```

>   \item When a player conquers Dragon Utopia, he may recruit one of the neutral Dragons killed for half the \svg{gold} (rounded down) + \svg{valuables} OR gain 15 \svg{gold} AND Search (3) any artifact Deck. \textit{Can be conquered only once.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Upon flagging Dragon Utopia, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Recruit one of the defeated Dragons for half its \svg{gold} (rounded down) and its \svg{valuables} cost
    \item Receive 15 \svg{gold} AND Search (3) any Artifact Deck.
  \end{itemize}
```
If there's a choice between the two, it's easier to follow if you have two points. Also, the official term for conquering is "flagging".

\end{itemize}

> When a Dragon Utopia is conquered, roll an attack die:
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item -1: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All players lose 1 MP for the next Round.
>   \item  0: Dragons revenge: All players must sacrifice one Unit before the end of Round, that Unit's health is reduced to 0. 
>   \item +1: Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately lose 1 MP to Search (2) the artifact Deck.
> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After visiting a Dragon Utopia, roll an Attack Die:
\begin{itemize}
  \item[\textbf{-1}] -- Dragons' Curse: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All players lose 1 \svgeven{movement} for the next Round.
 \item[\textbf{0}] -- Dragons' Revenge: All players must sacrifice one Unit before the end of the Round; that Unit's health is reduced to 0. 
 \item[ \textbf{+1}] -- Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately lose 1 \svgeven{movement} to Search (2) the Artifact Deck.
\end{itemize}
```

> \subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Suggested houserules}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Suggested Houserules}}
```

\begin{itemize}

>   \item Trading Posts - Trade resources and remove Cards, OR buy war machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Trading Posts - on a single visit, trade Resources and remove Cards, OR buy a War Machines.
```
I take it that you can trade resources and remove as many cards as you want, all on a single MP?

>   \item Unlimited combat Rounds against neutrals + harder Level. +gain combat lvl × \svg{gold}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Fighting Neutral Units entails the following:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item No Combat Round limit
    \item On Hard+ difficulty, increase the difficulty of I-IV encounters by one
    \item Gain Field Level × \svg{gold} as an additional reward
  \end{itemize}
```
I hope that's what you meant?

\end{itemize}

When a Dragon Utopia is conquered, roll an attack die:
\begin{itemize}
  \item -1: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All players lose 1 MP for the next Round.
  \item  0: Dragons revenge: All players must sacrifice one Unit before the end of Round, that Unit's health is reduced to 0. 
  \item +1: Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately lose 1 MP to Search (2) the artifact Deck.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Suggested houserules}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Trading Posts - Trade resources and remove Cards, OR buy war machines.
  \item Unlimited combat Rounds against neutrals + harder Level. +gain combat lvl × \svg{gold}.
  \item \href{https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/3445901/custom-hex-combat-board}{Medium Hex combat board}.
  \item \href{https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/3449937/houserule-for-stacking-more-than-pack}{Medium Hex combat board} - Start with several Few \svg{bronze} Units.
\end{itemize}

\vspace*{\fill}

\end{multicols*}

> \begin{minipage}{0.4\paperwidth}

Reviewer: Don't use minipages. Please restore tikzpicture.

\begin{itemize}
 \item 5 VP for conquering a Dragon Utopia
 \item 4 VP for controlling 5 Mines or Settlements on Near and Center Tiles - \textit{once per game}
 \item 4 VP for defeating an enemy's Main Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for defeating an enemy's Secondary Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for each enemy Main Town captured - \textit{once per captured Faction}
 \item 1 VP for every controlled Mine or Settlement
 \item 1 VP for every Level of Experience of your Main Hero
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\begin{itemize}
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{1} and \nth{9} Rounds:} All Heroes gain +1 Movement.
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{4} and \nth{8} Rounds:} Remove black Cubes from all locations that give resources, morale or Cards.
  \item End of \textbf{\nth{10} Round:} Player(s) with lowest XP roll 2 Resource dice.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Remove ``Earthquake'', ``Remove Obstacles'', ``View Earth'', and ``Visions'' from the Spell Deck.
  \item Remove ``Unexpected Reinforcements'' from the Astrologers Proclaim Deck.

>   \item Create separate decks for Minor, Major, and Relic Artifacts.
>   \item Create separate decks for Basic and Expert Spells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Create separate Decks for Minor, Major, and Relic Artifacts.
  \item Create separate Decks for Basic and Expert Spells.
```

  \item On Starting and Far Map Tiles, players can only acquire basic Spells and Minor Artifacts.
  \item Players may not use Diplomacy to skip Level VII Combat.
  \item If your Hero is Level VII, treat Level VI neutrals as Level VII, and gain 10 \svg{gold} for winning Combat.

>   \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} +1 \svg{morale_positive} and draw 1 Card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} \mbox{+1 \svg{morale_positive}} and draw 1 Card.
```

  \item Obelisk effect: textbf{once per Faction} roll one \svg{resource} and draw one Card.
  \item When fighting a Neutral Combat, a player may add +1 difficulty for an extra 5 \svg{gold} + Search (2) the Artifact or the Spell Deck.
  \item Settlements on Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles are treated as two Settlements in terms of rewards AND allow rolling one \svg{resource} or \svg{treasure} (reroll any XP).
  \item Upon flagging a Grail Field, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Receive: 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, and 2 \svg{valuables}
    \item Roll 2 \svg{treasure} (reroll any XP) and 2 \svg{resource}
  \end{itemize}

>   \item When visiting a Dragon Utopia: Reshuffle the \svgunit{gold} and \svgunit{azure} Decks, then draw from \svgunit{azure} until you get 3 Dragons and choose 2, AND draw from \svgunit{gold} until you get one Dragon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item When visiting a Dragon Utopia: Reshuffle the \svgunit{golden} and \svgunit{azure} Decks, then draw from \svgunit{azure} until you get 3 Dragons and choose 2, AND draw from \svgunit{golden} until you get one Dragon.
```

  \item Upon flagging Dragon Utopia, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Recruit one of the defeated Dragons for half its \svg{gold} (rounded down) and its \svg{valuables} cost

>     \item Receive 15 \svg{gold} AND Search (3) any Artifact Deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item Receive 15 \svg{gold} AND Search (3) any Artifact Deck
```

  \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

After visiting a Dragon Utopia, roll an Attack Die:
\begin{itemize}
  \item[\textbf{-1}] -- Dragons' Curse: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All players lose 1 \svgeven{movement} for the next Round.
  \item[\textbf{0}] -- Dragons' Revenge: All players must sacrifice one Unit before the end of the Round; that Unit's health is reduced to 0. 

>   \item[ \textbf{+1}] -- Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately lose 1 \svgeven{movement} to Search (2) the Artifact Deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item[ \textbf{+1}] -- Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately spend \mbox{1 \svgeven{movement}} to Search (2) the Artifact Deck.
```

\textit{A valley of secrets long forgotten. Its heart belongs to the beasts of old, while its fringes lure the bold and the desperate. Fight for power, claim the land, or perish like those before you.}

% \textit{The valley calls to those who seek adventure and riches beyond imagination. Its heart is guarded by Dragons older than time, its edges lined with settlements of those who dare to claim a foothold in this perilous land. But there is no safety here—only the promise of power for those who fight, and the certainty of death for those who falter.}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Scenario Length}}
This Scenario plays out over 13 Rounds 
%(or a shorter version over 9 Rounds).

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Player Setup}}
\textbf{Player Count:} 2 -- 4

\textbf{Starting Resources:} 14 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, 1 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 0 \svg{building_materials}, 0 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Units:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item A Few of \svgunit{bronze} Units of the player's choice
  \item A Pack of \svgunit{bronze} Units of the player's choice
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Town Buildings:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item \svgunit{bronze} Dwelling

>   \item Each player may build the the \svg{building_special_tent} building with a discount of 4 \svg{gold} and 2 \svg{building_materials}.

Reviewer: Nicely done with the glyph! How does this discount work exactly? Are you allowed to build any time, or only when the game starts?

Author: only when game starts. I will tweak the wording tonight, also will change the starting units a little bit

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}
The game ends at the end of the Round when any of these conditions are met:

\begin{itemize}
 \item One player has defeated all other players' Main Heroes once - \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item One player conquers both Dragon Utopias %- \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item At the end of Round 13 (or Round 9 for the shorter game).
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Points}}
If no player has achieved an immediate victory, the player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins:

\begin{itemize}
 \item 5 VP for conquering a Dragon Utopia
 \item 4 VP for controlling 5 Mines or Settlements on Near and Center Tiles - \textit{once per game}
 \item 4 VP for defeating an enemy's Main Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for defeating an enemy's Secondary Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for each enemy Main Town captured - \textit{once per captured Faction}
 \item 1 VP for every controlled Mine or Settlement
% \item 1 VP for every Level of Experience of your Main Hero
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

> \begin{itemize}
>   \item Start of \textbf{\nth{1} Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
>   \item Start of \textbf{\nth{4} Round:} Remove black Cubes from all locations that give resources, morale or Cards (not from Grail).
>   \item Start of \textbf{\nth{8} Round:} Repeat event of Round 4.
>   \item Start of \textbf{\nth{9} Round:} Repeat event of Round 1.
>   \item End of \textbf{\nth{10} Round:} Player(s) with lowest XP roll 2 \svg{resource} dice.
> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{itemize}
  \item[\textbf{\nth{1}}] \textbf{Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
  \item[\textbf{\nth{4}}] \textbf{Round:} Remove Black Cubes from all locations that give Resources, Morale or Cards (but not from the Grail).
  \item[\textbf{\nth{8}}] \textbf{Round:} Repeat event of Round 4.
  \item[\textbf{\nth{9}}] \textbf{Round:} Repeat event of Round 1.
  \item[\textbf{End}] \textbf{of \nth{10} Round:} Player(s) with lowest XP roll 2 \svg{resource} dice.
\end{itemize}
```
Since you've made it so compact, let's go with it. There's no need for "start of", as this is the default.

  \item Settlements on Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles are treated as two Settlements in terms of rewards AND allow rolling one \svg{resource} or \svg{treasure} (reroll any XP).
  \item Upon flagging a Grail Field, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Receive: 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, and 2 \svg{valuables}.
    \item Roll 2 \svg{treasure} (reroll any XP) and 2 \svg{resource}.
  \end{itemize}
  \item When visiting a Dragon Utopia: Reshuffle the \svgunit{golden} and \svgunit{azure} Decks, then draw from \svgunit{azure} until you get 3 Dragons and choose 2 (3 on impossible difficulty), AND draw from \svgunit{golden} until you get one Dragon.
  \item Upon flagging Dragon Utopia, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Recruit one of the defeated Dragons for half its \svg{gold} (rounded down) and its \svg{valuables} cost.
    \item Receive 15 \svg{gold} AND Search (3) any Artifact Deck.
  \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

After visiting a Dragon Utopia, roll an Attack Die:
\begin{itemize}

>   \item[\textbf{-1}] -- Dragons' Curse: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All players lose 1 \svgeven{movement} for the next Round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item[\textbf{-1}] -- Dragons' Curse: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All players lose \mbox{1 \svgeven{movement}} for the next Round.
```
To prevent line break.

Reviewer: Also, shouldn't it be Heroes instead of players losing MP?

Author: yes indeed

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\begin{itemize}
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{1} Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{4} Round:} Remove black Cubes from all locations that give resources, morale or Cards (not from Grail).
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{8} Round:} Repeat event of Round 4.
  \item Start of \textbf{\nth{9} Round:} Repeat event of Round 1.
  \item End of \textbf{\nth{10} Round:} Player(s) with lowest XP roll 2 \svg{resource} dice.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Remove ``View Earth'' from the Spell Deck.
  \item Remove ``Unexpected Reinforcements'' from the Astrologers Proclaim Deck.
  \item Create separate Decks for Minor, Major, and Relic Artifacts.
  \item Create separate Decks for Basic and Expert Spells.
  \item On Starting and Far Map Tiles, players can only acquire basic Spells and Minor Artifacts.
  \item Players may not use Diplomacy to skip Level VII Combat.
  \item If your Hero is Level VII, treat Level VI neutrals as Level VII, and gain 10 \svg{gold} for winning a Level VII Combat.

>   \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} \mbox{+1 \svg{morale_positive}} and draw 1 Card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} gain a \svg{morale_positive}} token and draw 1 Card.
```

Reviewer: This is the official term for this.

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 0 \svg{building_materials}, 0 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Units:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item 2 × Few \svgunit{bronze} Units of the highest recruitment cost
  %\item A Pack of \svgunit{bronze} Units of the lowest recruitment cost
  %\item Pack of \svgunit{bronze} of second highest recruitment cost
  %\item A Pack of \svgunit{bronze} Units of the player's choice
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Town Buildings:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item \svgunit{bronze} Dwelling
  \item Each player may build the \svg{building_special_tent} building with a discount of 4 \svg{gold} and 2 \svg{building_materials}. %"Before the start" - is included in "Player Setup - town buildings". Could be added "Before start each player may..."
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Map Setup}}
Take the following Map Tiles ($P$ stands for the number of players) and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout:

\begin{itemize}
  \item P × Starting (I) Map Tile
  \item 3P × Far (II-III) Map Tiles - one per player must include a Settlement, and one per player must include a Trading Post
  \item 2P × Near (IV-V) Map Tile

>   \item P × Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles (C5 is treated as a Settlement)

Reviewer: What does "C5 is treated as a  settlement" mean exactly?

Author: I could add "Random Town on C5.." 🤔 So it follows the VII Settlement rules.

\end{itemize}

> \textbf{Additionally,}\\
> \textbf{for 2--3 players:}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{Additionally, for 2--3 players:}
```

Author: I was thinking, that the additionally is either 2-3 players or 4 players depending on player count. So it would be separate and both items below would "belong" to the "additionally" -part

Reviewer: That's my understanding too, but do you need this newline for this?

\begin{itemize}
  \item 1 × Center (VI-VII) Map Tile with a Dragon Utopia
\end{itemize}

> \textbf{for 4 players:}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{For 4 players:}
```

\begin{itemize}

>   \item 2 × Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles with a Dragon Utopia

Reviewer: Or, you could include the Dragon Utopia in the layout, and just mention that you need another one for 4 players.

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}
The game ends at the end of the Round when any of these conditions are met:

\begin{itemize}
 \item One player has defeated each other player's Main Heroes once - \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item One player has conquered both Dragon Utopias. %- \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item At the end of Round 13 (or Round 9 for a short game).
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Points}}

> If no player has achieved an immediate victory, the player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins. In addition to Tournament Book's 'Scoring Victory Points' -section, the Players get VPs for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no player has achieved an immediate victory, the player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins.
In addition to the Tournament Book's ``Scoring Victory Points'' section, players get VPs for:

```

\begin{itemize}
 \item 5 VP for conquering a Dragon Utopia
 \item 2 VP for each enemy Main Town captured - \textit{once per captured Faction}
 \item 1 VP for every flagged Mine and Settlement on Near and Center Tiles

>  \item All removed Artifacts count towards VPs

Reviewer: I guess you should keep track of them somehow?

Author: If you remove an artifact, just keep it somewhere. All the other BPs can be counted after game end.

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\begin{itemize}
  \item[\textbf{\nth{1}}] \textbf{Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.

>   \item[\textbf{\nth{4}}] \textbf{Round:} Remove all Black Cubes (except VII Settlement, Grail and Dragon Utopia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item[\textbf{\nth{4}}] \textbf{Round:} Remove all Black Cubes (except VII Settlement, Grail and Dragon Utopia).
```

  \item[\textbf{\nth{8}}] \textbf{Round:} Repeat event of Round 4.
  \item[\textbf{\nth{9}}] \textbf{Round:} Repeat event of Round 1.

>   \item[\textbf{End}] \textbf{of \nth{10} Round:} Player(s) whose Main Hero have the least experience roll 2 \svg{resource} dice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item[\textbf{End}] \textbf{of \nth{10} Round:} Player(s) whose Main Hero have the least experience roll 2 \svg{resource}.
```

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Remove ``View Earth'' from the Spell Deck.
  \item Remove ``Unexpected Reinforcements'' from the Astrologers Proclaim Deck.
  \item Split the Artifact and Spell Decks as depicted in the Tournament Book. %Create separate Decks for Minor, Major, and Relic Artifacts.
%  \item Create separate Decks for Basic and Expert Spells.
%  \item On Starting and Far Map Tiles, players can only acquire Basic Spells and Minor Artifacts. % To-do where to acquire expert spells?

>   \item When a secondary Hero is gained, that Hero gains +1 \svg{movement} for that Round.
>   \item Trading Posts - on a single visit, trade Resources and remove Cards, OR buy a War Machine.
>   \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} gain a \svg{morale_positive} token and draw 1 Card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item When a Secondary Hero is gained, that Hero gains +1 \svgeven{movement} for that Round.
  \item Trading Posts - on a single visit, trade Resources and remove Cards, OR buy a War Machine.
  \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction}, gain a \svg{morale_positive} token and draw 1 Card.
```

>   \item Obelisk effect: \textbf{once per Faction} (per Obelisk) roll one \svg{resource} and draw one Card.
>   \item When fighting a Neutral Combat, a Player may increase the difficulty Level by +1 for an extra 5 \svg{gold} and Search (2) the Artifact or the Spell Deck.
>   \item Level VII Neutral Combat cannot be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Obelisk effect: \textbf{once per Faction}, (per Obelisk) roll one \svg{resource} and draw one Card.
  \item When fighting a Neutral Combat, players may increase the difficulty level by +1 for an extra 5 \svg{gold} and Search (2) the Artifact or the Spell Deck.  % no-check-caps
  \item Level VII Neutral Combat cannot be skipped.
```

>   \item If your Hero is Level VII, treat Level VI neutrals as Level VII, then gain 10 \svg{gold} for winning a Level VII Combat.

Reviewer: 10 gold reward is only for winning only level VI combat by Level VII hero?

Author: yes, I think that should be clear from "If your Hero is level VII". But then again I think I will see how this plays out when playtesting. Not sure if this rule will stay.

>   \item A defeated Main Hero may Empower one Defense Statistic Card from his M\&M Deck and gain +1 \svg{movement} for the next Round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item A defeated Main Hero may Empower one Defense Statistic Card from their M\&M Deck and gain +1 \svgeven{movement} for the next Round.
```

>   %\item If a player's Main Hero is defeated, that Player may change a Defense Statistic Card to an Empowered Defense Card from his Deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
If you're commenting stuff out because you're afraid of breaking the layout, don't be. Firstly, make the rules awesome. We'll worry about the layout later.

Author: Oh yeah, forgot this one. I saved two different wordings for the same rule, then decided between them and apparently forgot the other one as a comment

  \item Players do not have to pay \svg{gold} after losing a Combat against another Player.

>   \item When a Unit is attacked but suffers no \svg{damage-red}, it loses 1 \svg{defense}. That Unit regains all it's \svg{defense} after it suffers any \svg{damage-red}.

Reviewer: Virtually a corrosion token from the new rules. Might need to mark it somehow to keep track.

Author: Hmm, I guess this could already have the corrosion token wording. Players could then mark it however until the Stronghold arrives.

>   \item When a Unit is attacked but suffers no \svg{damage-red}, it loses 1 \svg{defense}. That Unit regains all it's \svg{defense} after it suffers any \svg{damage-red}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item When a Unit is attacked but suffers no \svg{damage-red}, it loses 1 \svg{defense}. That Unit regains all its \svg{defense} after it suffers any \svg{damage-red}.
```

>   \item Neutral Dragons can not be recruited in any way other than visiting a Dragon Utopia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Neutral Dragons cannot be recruited in any way other than visiting a Dragon Utopia.
```

> 
>   \item Settlements on Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles count as two Settlements in terms of rewards AND allow rolling one \svg{resource} or \svg{treasure} (reroll any \svg{experience}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Settlements on Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles count as two Settlements in terms of rewards AND allow rolling one \svg{resource} or \svg{treasure} (reroll any \svg{experience}).
```

>   \item Upon visiting a Grail Field, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
>   \begin{itemize}
>     \item Receive: 10 \svg{gold}, 2 \svg{building_materials}, and 1 \svg{valuables}
>     \item Search (3) \svg{spellpower} twice 
>     \item Search (3) \svg{artifact} twice.
>     %\item Roll 2 \svg{resource} 2 \svg{treasure} and (reroll any \svg{experience}).
>   \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Upon visiting a Grail Field, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Receive: 10 \svg{gold}, 2 \svg{building_materials}, and 1 \svg{valuables}
    \item Search (3) \svg{spellpower} twice 
    \item Search (3) \svg{artifact} twice
  \end{itemize}
```

> %  \item When visiting a Dragon Utopia: Reshuffle the Neutral \svgunit{golden} and \svgunit{azure} Decks, then draw from \svgunit{azure} until you get 3 Dragons and choose 2 (+1 on impossible difficulty), AND draw from \svgunit{golden} until you get one Dragon.
>   \item Dragon Utopias are guarded by 2 \svgunit{azure} dragons and 2 \svgunit{golden} dragons. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Dragon Utopias are guarded by 2 Azure Dragons and 2 Gold Dragons.
```
I'm not sure what you're referring to here. Azure-tier and golden-tier dragons, or Azure Dragons and Gold Dragons? If the latter, I suggest omitting the glyphs, as they're confusing. If the former, it should be reworded.

Author: azure tier and golden tier

Reviewer: OK, maybe something like 2 azure-tier Dragons and 2 gold-tier Dragons.

  \item Upon flagging Dragon Utopia, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Recruit one of the defeated Dragons for half its \svg{gold} (rounded down) and its \svg{valuables} cost.
    \item Receive 15 \svg{gold} AND Search (3) any Artifact Deck.
  \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}
After visiting a Dragon Utopia, roll an Attack Die:
\begin{itemize}
  \item[\textbf{-1}] -- Dragons' Curse: The defeated Dragons’ spirits curse the land! All Heroes lose \mbox{1 \svgeven{movement}} for the next Round.
  \item[\textbf{0}] -- Dragons' Revenge: All players must sacrifice a Unit before the end of the Round; that Unit's health is reduced to 0.

>   \item[ \textbf{+1}] -- Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately spend \mbox{1 \svgeven{movement}} to Search (2) the Artifact Deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item[ \textbf{+1}] -- Scattered Treasure: All players may immediately spend \mbox{1 \svgeven{movement}} to Search (2) \svg{arifact}.
```
Might as well.

Reviewer: But which tier?

Author: Depends on Heros location. The Map Tile where that hero spends MP, is where he finds the artifact, so that Map Tile's artifact deck tier

Reviewer: Mind adding a note? From my perspective, it's not obvious. Something like (tier respective to the Tile Hero is on).

  \item \href{https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/3449937/houserule-for-stacking-more-than-pack}{Stacking more than Pack} - Start with Several \svgunit{bronze} Units instead of Few.
\end{itemize}

\vspace*{\fill}

\end{multicols*}

\begin{tikzpicture}[overlay]
  \centering
  % 2-player
  \node at (4, -4) {\includegraphics[scale=0.165]{\maps/dragon-valley-2p.png}};
  \node at (4, -9) {\footnotesize{\textbf{\MakeUppercase{2-PLAYER SCENARIO}}}};
  % 3-player
  \node at (13, -4) {\includegraphics[scale=0.165]{\maps/dragon-valley-3p.png}};
  \node at (13, -9) {\footnotesize{\textbf{\MakeUppercase{3-PLAYER SCENARIO}}}};
  % 4-player
  \node at (4, -15) {\includegraphics[scale=0.165]{\maps/dragon-valley-4p.png}};
  \node at (4, -20) {\footnotesize{\textbf{\MakeUppercase{4-PLAYER SCENARIO}}}};
  % 4-player short (This map layout is not yet balanced and ready, has to be tested out)
  % 4-player short. -to be revised. Not tested.
  \node at (13, -15) {\includegraphics[scale=0.165]{\maps/dragon-valley-4p-short.png}};
  \node at (13, -20) {\footnotesize{\textbf{\MakeUppercase{4-PLAYER 9 ROUND SCENARIO}}}};

> \end{tikzpicture}

Reviewer: Please utilize the page real-estate a little more. See how Secret Bomb Stash scenario does this.

\end{itemize}

\textbf{For 4 players:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item 2 × Center (VI-VII) Map Tiles with a Dragon Utopia
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}
The game ends at the end of the Round when any of these conditions are met:

\begin{itemize}
 \item One player has defeated each other player's Main Heroes once - \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item One player has conquered both Dragon Utopias %- \textit{That player wins the game immediately.}
 \item At the end of Round 13 (or Round 9 for the shorter game).
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Points}}
If no player has achieved an immediate victory, the player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins:

\begin{itemize}
 \item 5 VP for conquering a Dragon Utopia
 \item 4 VP for controlling 5 Mines or Settlements on Near and Center Tiles - \textit{once per game}
 \item 4 VP for defeating an enemy's Main Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for defeating an enemy's Secondary Hero - \textit{once per defeated Faction}
 \item 2 VP for each enemy Main Town captured - \textit{once per captured Faction}
 \item 1 VP for every controlled Mine or Settlement

>  \item 1 VP for every 2 Artifacts acquired during the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 \item ½ VP for every Artifact in your Deck, rounded down.
```
More precise wording. I guess Artifacts removed or sold don't count?

Author: I will change VP part to be something like "In addition to scoring VPs as depicted in Tournament Book:"

  \item[\textbf{\nth{4}}] \textbf{Round:} Remove Black Cubes from all locations that give Resources, Morale or Cards (but not from the Grail).
  \item[\textbf{\nth{8}}] \textbf{Round:} Repeat event of Round 4.
  \item[\textbf{\nth{9}}] \textbf{Round:} Repeat event of Round 1.
  \item[\textbf{End}] \textbf{of \nth{10} Round:} Player(s) with lowest XP roll 2 \svg{resource} dice.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Remove ``View Earth'' from the Spell Deck.
  \item Remove ``Unexpected Reinforcements'' from the Astrologers Proclaim Deck.
  \item Create separate Decks for Minor, Major, and Relic Artifacts.
  \item Create separate Decks for Basic and Expert Spells.
  \item On Starting and Far Map Tiles, players can only acquire Basic Spells and Minor Artifacts. % To-do where to acquire expert spells?
  \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} gain a \svg{morale_positive} token and draw 1 Card.
  \item Obelisk effect: \textbf{once per Faction} roll one \svg{resource} and draw one Card.
  
  \MakeUppercase{Battlefield Conditions} At the star of each Round, roll 2 Attack Dice: % Perhaps after the additional rules?
  \begin{itemize}

>     \item "-1/-1": Dense Fog -- All Ranged units gain disadvantage. %\svg{unit_ranged} "gain" or "have?" "--" or ":"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item "-1/-1": Dense Fog -- All Ranged Units attack with penalty. %\svg{unit_ranged} "gain" or "have?" "--" or ":"
```
It might be obvious to TTRPG folks, but there is no game term disadvantage.

    \item "-1/0": Torrential Rain -- All Flying Units gain -2 initiative. % \svg{unit_flying} \svg{initiative} from rulebook rewrite. / Or -1 movement on "Medium Hex Combat Board"

>     \item "0/-1": Sinking Mud -- All Ground units have -1 Movement. %gain or have?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item "0/-1": Sinking Mud -- All Ground Units move one space less. %gain or have?
```
Units have initiative, not movement.

>     \item "-1/+1": Scorching Earth -- All \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units start with 1 \svg{damage_red}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item "-1/+1": Scorching Earth -- All \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units start with 1 \svg{damage-red}.
```

    \item "0/0": Clear Skies -- No effect. % or "calm before storm", "Sun is shining and birds are singing - " 
    \item "+1/-1": Fey Trickery -- Players Activate their Units in ascending order of Unit Initiative. %\svg{initiative}

>     \item "0/+1": Rocky Terrain -- All Ground Units gain Shield Token. %\svg{defense}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item "0/+1": Rocky Terrain -- All Ground Units gain Defense Token. %\svg{defense}
```

    \item "+1/0": Tail Wind -- Flying Units gain +1 Movement. %\svg{unit_flying}
    \item "+1/+1": Perfect Conditions -- All Ranged Units gain advantage. %Or "Clear Skies" \svg{unit_ranged}

>   \end{itemize} % Should this be made as a table?
>   \textit{The same condition may not occur two rounds in a row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item \textit{The same condition may not occur two rounds in a row.}
  \end{itemize} % Should this be made as a table?
```
You can't have a dangling paragraph within itemize. It won't compile.

  
  \item When fighting a Neutral Combat, a Player may add +1 difficulty only for an extra 5 \svg{gold} + Search (2) the Artifact or the Spell Deck. % could be moved to a timed event; Round 5: All Neutral Combats are considered +(I) on Far and Near Map tiles "

>   \item Level VII Neutral fights cannot be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Combat with Level VII Neutral Units cannot be skipped.
```

>   \item Level VII Neutral fights cannot be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Level VII Neutral Combat cannot be skipped.
```

  \item If a player's Main Hero defeats another Main Hero, the defeated Player may change a Defense Statistic Card to an Empowered Defense Card. % or - Defeated Main Hero may Empower one Defense Statistic Card ("from his Deck of M&M")
  \item Upon flagging a Grail Field, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Black Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Receive: 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials}, and 2 \svg{valuables}.
    \item Roll 2 \svg{treasure} (reroll any \svg{experience}) and 2 \svg{resource}.
  \end{itemize}
  \item When visiting a Dragon Utopia: Reshuffle the \svgunit{golden} and \svgunit{azure} Decks, then draw from \svgunit{azure} until you get 3 Dragons and choose 2 (3 on impossible difficulty), AND draw from \svgunit{golden} until you get one Dragon.
  \item Upon flagging Dragon Utopia, \textbf{choose one} and then put a Faction Cube:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Recruit one of the defeated Dragons for half its \svg{gold} (rounded down) and its \svg{valuables} cost.
    \item Receive 15 \svg{gold} AND Search (3) any Artifact Deck.
  \end{itemize}

>   \item A Dragon Utopia can only be flagged once. A flagged Dragon Utopia is considered to be an empty field to all Players. % or: "Once flagged, it is treated as an empty field to all players."

Reviewer: I thought that was the point of the black cube? That would make this bullet point redundant. Just put a black cube instead of a faction one, to explain later that it works like a black cube.

Author: oh right, true. I was only thinking about the VPs. Ill change it back

Author: I have made all changes today with my phone 😅 I will fix errors on PC when I get home

  \item On Starting and Far Map Tiles, players can only acquire basic Spells and Minor Artifacts.
  \item Players may not use Diplomacy to skip Level VII Combat.
  \item If your Hero is Level VII, treat Level VI neutrals as Level VII, and gain 10 \svg{gold} for winning a Level VII Combat.

>   \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} gain a \svg{morale_positive}} token and draw 1 Card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Sanctuary effect: \textbf{once per Faction} gain a \svg{morale_positive} token and draw 1 Card.
```

    \item "-1/-1": Dense Fog -- All Ranged units gain disadvantage.
    \item "-1/0": Raining Ash -- All \svg{unit_flying} Units gain -2 \svg{initiative}. % / Or -1 movement on "Medium Hex Combat Board"
    \item "0/-1": Sinking Mud -- All \svg{unit_ground} Units move one space less.

>     \item "-1/+1": Scorching Earth -- All \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units start with 1 \svg{damage-table}. %\svg{damage-table}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item "-1/+1": Scorching Earth -- All \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units start with 1 \svg{damage-table}. %\svg{damage-red}
```

>     \item "-1/+1": Scorching Earth -- All \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units start with 1 \svg{damage-table}. %\svg{damage-table}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item "-1/+1": Scorching Earth -- All \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units start with 1 \svg{damage-red}.
```
